# GRE3000 乱序
### List 7 Unit 9
* [arduous](): hard to accomplish or achieve; marked by great labor or effort.
* [bloom](): to flourish in youthful beauty, freshness, or excellence.
* [brute](): cruel, savage. 野蛮的
* [ceramic](): clay that has heated by a very high temerature so that it becomes hard 
* [cling](): to hold or hold on tightly or tenaciously 坚持！
* [**tenacious**](): If you are tenacious, you are very determined and do not give up easily. 坚韧不拔的;坚毅的;坚持不懈的
* [cognizant](): knowledgeable of something expecially through personal experience. 认知的 
* [conscientious](): very careful about doing what you are supposed to do: concerned with doing sth. correctly. 一丝不苟的，勤恳认真的 <-- 有良知的
* [consolidate](): to join together into one whole 加强;巩固; 合并;使联合
* **[cosmopolitan](): having worldwide rather than limited or provincial scope or bearing 世界性的，国际化的;受各国文化影响的**
* [daunting](): tending to make people afraid or less confident. 使人畏惧的;令人胆怯的;让人气馁的


### List 7 Unit 10
* [debris](): the remains of something broken down or destroyed. 碎片，残骸 
* [degenerate](): to pass from a higher to a lower type or condition. **退化,衰落，堕落**
* [**denounce**](): to pronounce to be blameworthy or evil. 谴责 
* [depress](): to make sb. sad and without enthusiasm or hope.  
* [dispense](): **to deal out in parts or portions. 分配**
* [dynamo](): a device for turning mechanical engery into electricity. 
* [**elucidate**](): to make lucid especially by explanation or analysis. 阐明 
* [erratic](): acting, moving or changing in ways that are not expected or usual; 不稳定的;难以预测的；不规则的
* [**espouse**](): to give your support to a belief, policy... **拥护/支持**

---------------------------
---------------------------
## List 8

### List 8 Unit 1
* [evanescent](): lasting a very short time in memory or sight. 迅速消失遗忘的;短暂的
* [exotic](): introduced from another country //  strikingly or mysteriously different or unusual.  
* [extant](): currently or actually existing 现存的 
* [facet](): any of the definable aspects that make up a subject. 部分;方面
* **[fastidious](): having high and often capricious standards; difficult to please. 挑剔的**
* **[feign](): to pretent; dissemble. 假装**
* [dissemble](): When people dissemble, they hide their real intentions or emotions. 掩饰(真实意图或情感)
* [flora](): the plants of a particula area, type of environment or period of time. 
* [gradient](): the rate of regular or graded ascent or descent; a part sloping upward or downward. 
* [halt](): to bring to stop.  
* [heroine](): a girl or woman who is admired; the main female character in a story, novel, movie... 女主角/女英雄 

### List 8 Unit 2
* **[incur](): to become liable or subject to: bring down upon oneself 招致，招惹**
* [ingenuous](): show innocent or childlike simplicity and candidness. 真诚的,坦率的 
* **[innate](): existing in, belonging to, or determined by factors present in an individual from birth. 先天的/固有的**
* [intervene](): to become invloved in a situation in order to improve or help it. 介入，调解 
* [intimidate](): to make timid or fearful. **恐吓** 
* [timid](): Timid people are shy, nervous, and have no courage or confidence in themselves. 胆小的;害羞的;缺乏自信的
* [inverse](): opposite in order, nature, or effect. 颠倒的，相反的
* [isometric](): of, relating to, or characterized by equality of measure. **等量的**
* [jeopardize](): to expose to danger or risk. 损害，危机 
* **[jettison](): to get rid of as superfluous or encumbering. 抛弃，丢弃**
* [superfluous](): Something that is superfluous is unnecessary or is no longer needed. 多余的;过剩的;不必要的
* [encumbering](): If you are encumbered by something, it prevents you from moving freely or doing what you want. 拖累;牵累;妨碍
* [lactic](): of or relating to milk. 乳汁的 
* [lactic acid bacteria](): 乳酸菌

### List 8 Unit 3
* [legacy](): money or property bequeathed to another by will; Sth. handed from an ancestor or a predecessor or from the past.
* [bequeath](): If you bequeath your money or property to someone, you legally state that they should have it when you die. 遗赠
* [predecessor](): Your predecessor is the person who had your job before you. 前任；前辈
* [leopard](): large animal of the cat family, taht has yellowish-brown fur with black spots. 豹子
* **[lethal](): capable of causing death; gravely damaging or destructive. 致命的，危害极大的** 
* **[mandate](): When someone is mandated to carry out a particular policy or task, they are given the official authority to do it. 授权;委任; To mandate something means to make it mandatory. 批准;颁布;强制执行** 
* **[mediate](): If someone mediates between two groups of people, or mediates an agreement between them, they try to settle an argument between them by talking to both groups and trying to find things that they can both agree to. 调解;调停;斡旋**
* [milieu](): the physical or social setting in which sth. occurs or develops. 社会环境，社会背景
* [mimic](): to imitate closely. 模仿，和...相似
* [misconstrue](): to mistake the meaning of. 误解，曲解 
* **[motif](): A motif is a design which is used as a decoration or as part of an artistic pattern. (作为装饰的)图形，图式**
* [obsolete](): no longer in use or no longer useful. Something that is obsolete is no longer needed because something better has been invented. 过时的；废弃的；淘汰的


### List 8 Unit 4
* [orb](): a spherical body 
* [panic](): a sudden overpowering fright; also, acute extreme anxiety 
* [fright](): A fright is an experience which makes you suddenly afraid. 惊吓
* **[pathogen](): a specific causative agent (as a bacterium or virus) of disease. 病原体**
* [**pedestrain**](): commonplace, unimaginative. **平庸的，乏味的** 
* [unimaginative](): If you describe someone as unimaginative, you are criticizing them because they do not think of new methods or things to do. 缺乏想象力的；刻板的
* [petroleum](): 石油 
* [**pious**](): **very religious and moral. 虔诚的；笃信宗教的**；If you describe someone as pious, you disapprove of the fact that they pretend to be very religious without being sincere. **假装虔诚的；伪善的; Marked by self-conscious virtue--自以为是的**
* [**primate**](): A primate is a member of the group of mammals which includes humans, monkeys, and apes. **灵长类**
* [**profligate**](): Someone who is profligate spends too much money or uses too much of something. **挥霍的；浪费的**
* [**prolific**](): marked by abundant inventiveness or productivity. **（作家、画家或作曲家）多产的，作品丰富的**
* [**prolix**](): marked by or using an excess of words. **冗长的**

### List 8 Unit 5
* [pronounced](): stronly marked. 显著的 
* [prototype](): an original model on which sth. is patterned. 原型/样品
* [psyche](): the mind; your deepest feelings and attitudes. 心灵
* [**quixotic**](): f you describe someone's ideas or plans as quixotic, you mean that they are imaginative or hopeful but unrealistic. **堂吉诃德式的**;幻想的;**不切实际的**;空想的
	- foolishly impractical especially in the pursuit of ideals; especially: markded by [**rash lofty romantic ideas**]() or [**extravagantly chivalrous action**](). 
	- [lofty](): A lofty ideal or ambition is noble, important, and admirable. 崇高的；高尚的
	- [chivalrous](): A chivalrous man is polite, kind, and unselfish, especially towards women. (男子)有骑士风度的;(尤指对女子)彬彬有礼的，殷勤的
* [**quotidian**](): occurring every day. **日常的** 
* [rebellious](): of, relating to, or characteristic of a rebel or rebellion. 反叛的. 
* [**resent**](): to feel or express annoyance or ill will at.**怨恨，憎恶**
* [residual](): remaining after a process has been completed or sth. has been removed. 残留的，剩余的 
* [resort](): a place where a lot of people go on holiday. 度假胜地; to have resource/If you resort to a course of action that you do not really approve of, you adopt it because you cannot see any other way of achieving what you want. *诉诸;采取*  
* [resurgence](): a rising again into life, activity, or prominence. 复苏，复兴


### List 8 Unit 6
* [retrieve](): If you retrieve something, you get it back from the place where you left it. 取回;找回
* [**reverent**](): showing a lot of respect: very respectful. **恭敬的，虔诚的**
* [**revive**](): to return to consciousness or life: become active or flourshing again. **(使)复兴**
* [saline](): consisting of or containing salt. 含盐的 
* [**sebum**](): an oil-like substance produced by the *sebaceous glands*. **皮脂**
	- [glands](): A gland is an organ in the body which produces chemical substances for the body to use or get rid of. 腺
	- [sebaceous](): 脂肪的,脂肪质的,脂肪分泌的,脂肪过多的
* [**semantic**](): of or relating to meaning in language. **语义的**
* [**taxonomy**](): the scientific process of classifying things. 分类学 
* [theatrical](): Theatrical behaviour is exaggerated and unnatural, and intended to create an effect. (行为)*夸张的，做作的，戏剧性的*; Theatrical means relating to the theatre. *剧场的*;剧院的;戏剧的
* [**tilt**](): to move or shift so as to lean or incline. **倾斜** 
* [**tout**](): to solicit customers, votes, or *patronage*, especially in a *brazen* way. **兜售**; to *promote* or praise energetically. **吹嘘**
	- [patronage](): Patronage is the support and money given by someone to a person or a group such as a charity. 资助；赞助
	- [brazen](): If you describe a person or their behaviour as brazen, you mean that they are very bold and do not care what other people think about them or their behaviour. 无所顾忌的；肆无忌惮的
	- [promote](): If people promote something, they help or encourage it to happen, increase, or spread. 促进；增进；提倡

### List 8 Unit 7
* [**troupe**](): a group of theatrical performers. 剧团 
* [**unanimous**](): having the agreement and consent of all. **意见一致的，无异议的**
* [underscore](): to make evident. 强调/下划线 
* [**upheaval**](): **extreme agitation or disorder. 动乱/剧变** 
* [**vagary**](): Vagaries are unexpected and unpredictable changes in a situation or in someone's behaviour which you have no control over. **出乎意料的变化;难以预测的转变**
* [manifestation](): A manifestation of something is one of the different ways in which it can appear. 表现;显示;表示
* **[vestige](): a trace, mark, or visible sign left by something from ancient time. 残余;残留部分;遗迹**
* [yarn](): a continuous often plied strand composed of either natural or man-made fibers. 纱，线 
* [**admonish**](): If you admonish someone, you tell them very seriously that they have done something wrong. 责备；告诫；警告; to give friendly earnest advice or encouragement to. **给予友好真诚的建议或鼓励**
* [akin](): essentially similar, related, or compatible. 类似的
* [**altruistic**](): unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others. **无私的/利他的**
	- [devotion to]()

### List 8 Unit 8
* [amass](): to collect into a mass. 积聚
* [anarchy](): absence of government or order. 混乱
* [anionic](): of or relating to a negatively charged ion. 阴离子
* [antimatter](): matter that is made up of anti-particles. 反物质 
* **[approbation](): praise or approval. 赞美，认同**
* [**august**](): marked by majestic dignity or grandeur. **威严的** 
	- [majestic](): If you describe something or someone as majestic, you think they are very beautiful, dignified, and impressive. 壮丽的;庄严的;雄伟的
	- [dignity](): If someone behaves or moves with dignity, they are calm, controlled, and admirable. 庄严;庄重;端庄
	- [grandeur](): If something such as a building or a piece of scenery has grandeur, it is impressive because of its size, its beauty, or its power. 宏伟；堂皇；壮丽
* **[auspicious](): showing or suggesting that future success is likely. 有望成功的/吉利的**
* **[benevolent](): organized to do good things for other people. 仁慈的，慈爱的**; If you describe a person in authority as benevolent, you mean that they are kind and fair. （当权者）仁慈的，慈爱的，乐善好施的
* [binary](): 
* [bizarre](): strikingly out of the ordinary. 奇异的/古怪的 



### List 8 Unit 9
* [canny](): very clever and able to make intelligent. 精明的 
* [**conductive**](): tending to promote or assist. **有助于...的** 
* [connote](): to convey in addition to exact explicit meaning. 隐含, 暗示 
* [crate](): an open box of wooden slats or a usually wooden protective case or framework for shipping. 包装箱 
* [**creed**](): a set of fundamental beliefs; also: a guiding principle. **信条，原则** 
* [**cutaneous**](): of, relating to, or affecting the skin. **皮肤的** 
* [debacle](): a complete failure. 溃败 
* [decipher](): to find the meaning of (sth. that is difficult to read or understand.) 破译 
* [demotic](): used by or typical of ordinary people 通俗的/大众的 
* **[denigrate](): to attack the repuration of. 污蔑，诋毁**



### List 8 Unit 10
* [despair](): If you despair, you feel that everything is wrong and that nothing will improve. 感到绝望;失去希望
* [**detrimental**](): obviously harmful. **有害的** 
* **[discriminatory](): unfairly treating a person or group of people differently from other people or groups of people. 歧视的/不公平的** 
* [dread](): If you dread something which may happen, you feel very anxious and unhappy about it because you think it will be unpleasant or upsetting. 非常担心;极为害怕 
* **[enact](): to establish by legal and authoritative act. 颁布/通过**
* [**endemic**](): restricted or peculiar to a locality or region. **地方性的/特有的** 
* [**enervate**](): to make sb. feel weak and tired. **使衰弱** 
* **[epic](): having the features of an epic, very grate and impressive. 史诗般的/宏大的** 
* [*episode*](): an event, a situation, or a period of time in sb.'s life, a novel... that is important or interesting in some way. *情节，插曲，情况*
* **[exhaustive](): testing all possibilities or considering all elements: thorough. 全面彻底的** 



---------------------------
---------------------------
## List 9

### List 9 Unit 1
* [**exhilarate**](): to make cheerful and excited. **使高兴/使激动**
* [forbear](): to avoid doing or saying sth. 忍住/克制
	- [forbear from doing sth.]()
* [**founder**](): 
	- [VERB] **If something such as a plan or project founders, it fails because of a particular point, difficulty, or problem. 失败;崩溃;垮掉** /// 
	- [VERB] If a ship founders, it fills with water and sinks. (船只)沉没
	- [N-COUNT] The founder of an institution, organization, or building is the person who got it started or caused it to be built, often by providing the necessary money. 创办人;创立者;奠基者
* [hazardous](): invloving risk or danger. 有危害的
* [heroic](): exhibiting or marked by courage and daring. 英勇的 
* [hybrid](): of mixed character; composed of different elements. 混合的
* **[immerse](): to make yourself fully involved in some activity or interest. 沉浸**
* [**implacable**](): not capable of being appeased, significantly changed, or mitigated. **无法平息的/不能安抚的** 
* **[impormptu](): composed or uttered without previous preparation. 即兴的/无事先准备**
	-  [utter](): If someone utters sounds or words, they say them. 发出（声音）；说；讲
* [insipid](): 
	- **lacking in qualities that interest, simulate, or challenge. 枯燥无味的**
	- If you describe food or drink as insipid, you dislike it because it has very little taste. (食物或饮料)淡而无味的,没有味道的


### List 9 Unit 2
* [**inure**](): to make someone become used to something unpleasant, so that they are no longer upset by it. **使习惯/使适应**
* **[laconic](): If you describe someone as laconic, you mean that they use very few words to say something, so that they seem casual or unfriendly. 寡言的；言简意赅的**
* [lapse]():
	- a slight error typically due to forgetfulness. 小错误/走神
	- an occurrence in which someone behaves badly or usually a short period of time. 行为失检
	- an interval of passage of time. 延时/间隔时间
	- to stop for usually a brief time. 终止
* [legume](): a plant of the pea family. 豆科植物
	- [pea](): Peas are round green seeds which grow in long thin cases and are eaten as a vegetable. 豌豆
* **[lucrative](): producing wealth. 赚钱的/获利的** 
* [lunar](): of, realting to, or resembling the moon. 月亮的 
* [**malleable**](): capable of being altered or controlled by outside forces or influences.  
	- If you say that someone is malleable, you mean that they are easily influenced or controlled by other people. （人）温顺的，易受影响的，顺从的
	- A substance that is malleable is soft and can easily be made into different shapes. （材料）柔软的，可锻的，可塑的，有延展性的
* [methanol](): 甲醇 
* [methodology](): 方法论 
* [minimal](): 最小的


### List 9 Unit 3
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 
* [](): 



